hi everyone this is Jamie Sorenson here
at two peas in a bucket with another CH
a winter 2012 video as a new belly
Boulevard in front of me and I'm
starting out by showing you the new and
button market so they have cute little
packaging of brand new really
interesting cool buttons these are
wooden buttons and they've just been put
embellished with a really cool pattern
this one's called tie-dye the other one
was checkers and they have a fun little
mix here this one is called masculine
mix and then they have some kind of
pearl lyst pearlescent basic buttons
this one wants aqua flowers and this one
is stars that we have samples of they
also have these really cool flags flags
have been really popular so this is the
girl version this one's called text me
love and dog they also have come out
with some tape which has been really
popular lately so um it comes in a spool
like this and I have a couple different
styles here red polka dot in this pink
stripe that looks very much like the
belly Boulevard colors and it's pretty
thin and easy to tear it so that is the
tape next I'm going to show you and
they've extended their sophisticates
lined and if you're unfamiliar with this
this is their line of just basic
everyday scrapbooking stuff that is very
versatile so I may have the chipboard
with a variety of shapes and then a
chipboard set with all kinds of words
and titles for saying I'm sorry for
family and then they broadened it with
more letter stickers I range of colors
we're getting these are called high five
so you get five different alphas in one
12 x 12 sheet and then we've added these
colors okay they've also come out with a
summer collection called sunshine
happiness this is on the miniature word
stickers tags with little icons got cute
little sunshine lots of great things to
work with their this is their 12 x 12
sticker sheet and us there's this fun
alphabet border strips corner photo
corners different words and different
elements there this is the journaling
sticker set they always have a fun
variety here with different quote
bubbles summer checklist popsicle a day
like this little tree swing these are
the cute cuts so these are elements that
you can cut out yourself and there's
also journaling elements on the side
here this is the borders there's fun
clouds this one's called popsicle kisses
juicy good time playdate sunny side up
petal flowers or I'm sorry petal power
turn these around so you can see the B
side
that's a great tone on tone really basic
patterns that are able to work with just
about anything ok so that was sunshine
happiness by Bella Boulevard they also
have a couple baby collections 14 girl
and 14 boy different words for the baby
girl collection all kinds of great
prompts on here oh how you will grow
words from mom naptime innocent here's
the 12 by 12 0 element stickers and
alpha we see this monkey throughout with
a girl and the boy collection again the
journaling stickers absolutely love your
and then you get to check I might just
have to check all of them fingers baby
small lips tiny toes and sweet cheeks
these are the cute cuts got um different
zoo animals as well as some of your
basic teddy bear bottle onesie all of
these kinds of things this is um Bella
baby bump borders sweet dreams i like
the little stars in there baby cakes
snuggly safari daddy's girl pretty in
pink and it's a girl it's a little
crocodile on there the other side
cute little heart pattern reminds me of
pjs florals this one's great for an
expecting project it says I'm pregnant
mommy-to-be there's those monkeys zebra
print stripe chevron and a polka and
then some of the polka dots have polka
dots within them moving on to the baby
boy collection these are the the
miniature stickers they call them this
is baby's first um where this is the
we're expecting line and this is for a
baby boy there's cute little giraffe
there's that monkey again
and this is the twelve by twelve sticker
sheet that great alphabet I love the
orange mixed in with the blue
complementary colors so they go together
nicely this is the borders later Gator
haven't sent on the go wild about you
mama's boy baby blue it's a boy and then
this is um show you this one this is the
sticker sheet for the journaling
stickers again great prompts and then
this is under Abbi we're expecting line
so I'm sorry I think I mixed in some of
the we are expecting before so this is
under we're expecting the rest it looks
like with either baby girl or baby boy
that's right okay alright so that wraps
up the new belly Boulevard that i have
here and if you'd like to win some
please leave a comment for your chance
to win and thanks for watching